So I forgot to mention one cute little moment with Sri Mataji that took place in New York
during the 1981 tour.
And it was after the public program.
I'm not sure if it was, I think it was the second public program, it might have been
the first.
And we went to dinner at a diner.
And there were eight of us including Sri Mataji.
And there were two tables separated by an aisle and two yogis on each side of each table.
And I was on the one table on the inside.
And Sri Mataji was at the other table just to my right on the outside.
And I had been a very staunch vegetarian.
And back in those days, when I talked about being so badly damaged, I was damaged in countless
ways.
So the vegetarian, you know, it starts out where you, you know, give up one thing, and
then you give up more and you give up more.
And so I was fasting a lot.
And just it's this like self deprivation or whatever the word is.
So the yogis back then in London had been really trying to get me to eat anything, including
meat.
And I was staunch, like it became a real ego trip.
I didn't realize at the time, but you know, I felt like, okay, we don't have to kill on
animals.
And that I'm a better person for that.
And I'm better than other people who do, who do eat meat.
So it had become kind of an arrogant, it had become an arrogance.
And the yogis had been working so tirelessly on me to try to get me to just eat and to
eat meat.
And we went to this diner, and I'm looking at the menu.
And all of a sudden, I had this incredible desire to eat chicken.
And I hadn't in at least eight or nine years.
And there was a battle going on as I'm looking at this menu, and it's a diner, I'm trying
to find anything vegetarian on this menu.
And there was very little, you know, if you don't eat eggs, and you'd, you know, so I'm
staring at this menu.
And this desire is non not going away.
And I have this battle going on inside.
And all of a sudden, I look up, and I look over at Shri Mataji.
And she gave me this massive smile, as if to say, I'm doing that.
And I understood.
I surrendered and I ordered the chicken sandwich the next day.
So it must have been the night of the first public program, because the next day, she
was speaking about Navi chakra.
Swadhisthana and Navi, I think she might have done both in one day.
And she said in the talk, if you want to please Shri Lakshmi, she's very fond of chicken.
And she looked right at me.
And obviously from all of the problems that were there.
When I came to sajaga, I this Navi finger was numb, completely numb.
And she said, my left Navi had been frozen.
I didn't talk about a lot of those personal types of things.
But you know, my mother had it started with breast cancer, went to lymphatic, and then
it went to blood and then to bone cancer.
And so, I mean, I feel every day is a gift.
I was in on that first tour.
I heard Abdu'l-Dut's program how, you know, that one day, mother had him put his hand
on her liver and he got so sick.
Well, I was like that the whole first week of the tour.
I was really sick.
And I probably spent 20 years working on that left Navi.
Yeah, probably a good 20 years.
And slowly, slowly, slowly, it didn't go away overnight.
But there have been, you know, he told a few stories, which I was so tempted, where there
were these incredible miracles that happened.
Actually, there was one with mother, but it didn't involve communicating with her.
It was during a puja in Los Angeles in 1980.
I think probably it was 83.
Yes, my dear.
I think I have to go.
I'm not going to tell.
No worries.
But please, please just make a little note of these things as they occur to you.
And please do come back again, because it's been an absolutely wonderful evening.
Thank you.
Thank you, Caroline.
Thank you for your patience.